What is the biggest regret of your life, and how has it shaped you?
Have you ever hidden a significant aspect of yourself from others? If so, why?
What is the one thing you would change about yourself if given the chance?
Have you ever experienced unrequited love, and how did you cope with it?
What is your greatest fear, and what steps are you taking to overcome it?
How do you define success, and do you think you've achieved it in your life?
Have you ever betrayed someone's trust, and if so, have you made amends?
What is the most significant life lesson you've learned so far?
If you had the opportunity to start your life over, would you take it? Why or why not?
What do you believe happens after we die, if anything?
What is your biggest turn-on in a romantic partner?
Have you ever had a steamy dream about someone in this group?
What's the boldest place you've ever kissed someone?
Have you ever been caught doing something inappropriate, and if so, what was it?
What's the most daring thing you've done in the bedroom?
Have you ever had a crush on someone in this group, and who was it?
How do you feel about public displays of affection (PDA)?
Have you ever had a one-night stand, and if so, how did you feel afterward?
What's the most adventurous location you'd consider having intimate moments?
Describe your idea of a perfect date, including what happens after.
Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?
What would constitute a "perfect" day for you?
When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?
If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
Name three things you and someone in the call appear to have in common.
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
Take four minutes and tell someone in the call your life story in as much detail as possible.
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven't you done it?
What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is your most terrible memory?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?
What does friendship mean to you?
What roles do love and affection play in your life?
Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of someone in the call. Share a total of five items.
How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s?
How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?
Make three true "we" statements each. For instance, “We are both in this room feeling..."
Complete this sentence: “I wish I had someone with whom I could share..."
If you were going to become close friends with someone in the call, please share what would be important for them to know.
Tell someone in the call what you like about them; be very honest this time, saying things that you might not say to someone you’ve just met.
Share with someone in the call an embarrassing moment in your life.
When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?
Tell someone in the call something that you like about them already.
What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone? Why haven’t you told them yet?
Your house, containing everything you own, catches fire. After saving your loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would it be? Why?
Of all the people in your family, whose death would you find most disturbing? Why?
Share a personal problem and ask someone in the call for advice on how he or she might handle it. Also, ask them to reflect back to you how you seem to be feeling about the problem you have chosen.